skies
in my youth I flew over all of the Lands of Mordor.  I knew the king.
king
a wonderful man.  He had two sons and a daughter, who have divided the kingdom.
sons
you refer to Prince Ragnar the brave?  Or do you speak of Prince Rutger the bold?
ragnar
Prince Ragnar the brave has a castle to the south of the city.
rutger
Prince Rutger the bold has a castle to the north of the city.
daughter
Princess Runella stays in the ancient Lyanden castle, in the crimson tower.
lyanden castle
yes, the childhood home of Ragnar, Rutger and Runella, before the king died.
prince
actually there were two, and they were identical twins.  Both claim the kingdom.
princess
she is both clever and good.  She is a member of the council of mages, and loves both of her brothers. 
tower
there are three towers in the Lyanden castle.  One for each heir to the kingdom.
kingdom
now there are two, and the Land of Mordor is divided into warring camps.
castle
there are three...  The ancient Lyanden is in the city, while Ragnar's is southeast, and Rutger's is northeast.
southeast
a far distance by foot, but you can join Prince Ragnar there in his fight against his brother.  He will be happy to accept your pledge.
northeast
a perilous journey, but Prince Rutger will welcome your pledge in his fight against his brother.
runella
she has become an excellent mage in her own right, and represents the city of Oceancrest on the council.
brothers
they have divided the kingdom and put sword against sword, but Runella may be the final winner.
mage
not as powerful as some, yet Runella learns new magic everyday.  She stays in the crimson tower of the Lyanden castle.
heir
the three babies were born the same night, and the midwife committed suicide the very same night.  None know who was born first, and thus can legimately claim the throne.
mordor
Mordor was once a peaceful kingdom, but now it has been divided and is at war.  When the king died, a battle was joined over who would be the new king.  Both of the young princes believe they have legimate claim to the throne.
war
the war is between Rutger and his brother Ragnar, but some speak darkly of a possible hidden war between Princess Runella and her brothers, and they are not even aware of it!
runella
she is a good mage, and a menber of the council that meets in Lyanden castle.  Although not a powerful mage, she is young and may become one in years to come.
