chanteclaire
I'm afraid Miss Chanteclaire is not in at the moment.
where
I do not know where she is.  Perhaps you could talk to her unicorn friends.
teleporter
You cannot use the teleporters.  Not even I know how to use them.
use
You press certain buttons on the wall, but if you don't know the combination, you get zapped.
zapped
A surge of electricity hits you.  It doesn't look pleasant.
pleasant
You think being zapped by electricity is pleasant?
unicorn
Yes, high above the city where the unicorns graze.
high
There is a single cloud high above the city.  I do not know the exact location because I have never been there myself.
cloud
In the cloudy grotto, unicorns and pegasi graze.  Except there is no way to get there except to fly.
fly
Danielle's own magical potion allows people to fly, but it is very costly.  We sell it in the shop.
friends
Miss Chanteclaire has a number of friends in the clouds.  Try talking to Nathan, the unicorn or Mondrake, the cloud giant.
nathan
Nathan is one of the powerful unicorns who might know where Danielle is.
mondrake
The fearsome cloud giant Mondrake makes few acquaintances on this world.
acquaintances
Miss Chanteclaire is one of the few people Mondrake associates with.
associates
Being in the clouds, he has few people to talk to.  Search for him in the clouds.
clouds
In the cloudy grotto, where unicorns and pegasi graze.  
potions
We sell many potions in the main shop.  Tell me the color of the potions and I will tell you what effect it will have on you.
hello
How can I help you?
yellow
The yellow potion is a potion of healing.
viscous
The viscous potion is very oily.  Not very good to consume.
green
Our most popular potion!  The green potion is a magical cure for all poisons.
glowing
The glowing potions makes you less noticable and harder to attack.
swirly
This is a funny potion.  It is an elixer of protection.
bubbly
There are two bubbly potions: red and blue.  The red makes you disappear and the blue lets you see people who have become invisible.
speckled
Strange brew.  Kind of like a good shot of ol' Tellan's whisky.
hazy
A very powerful potion that will take you out of a place you don't want to be in.
redish
The reddish-orange potion is a powerful potion of extra-healing.
ice
The ice blue potion is the house specialty.  It enables people to fly!  You can only buy this potion here.
red
Now there's a fancy potion!  It makes your skin toughen.  Even a dragon's breath couldn't hurt you.
dark
The dark green potion gives you some powers to resist offensive magic spells.
aquamarine
Ah, the levitate potion.  A very powerful potion that lifts you off the ground.
bye
Good luck!
thanks
You're welcome.  I hope I have been of some assistance.
