hello
Speak, and you shall be heard.
life
Don't talk to me about life.
wisdom
What is it that you seek?
gold
Gold is materialistic.  You shall hear not of it from me.
weapons
Weapons are materialistic.  You shall hear not of it from me.
materialistic
You do not need these items to live a productive life.
productive
Be at peace with nature and nature will be at peace with you.
nature
Nature is the essence of life.
peace
The delicate structure of nature demands equality.
equality
For every good, there is an evil.  For every evil, there is a good.
key
What is this key you seek?
dragons
There are many dragons in the land.
breath
The Dragon's Breath was an ancient cult of druids, similar to ourselves.
cult
The Druidian Cult has been never really been a major religion since the fall of the Dragon's Breath.
religion
Religion is for those who have no meaning in life.
fall
The Dragon's Citadel was attacked and the Dragon's Breath Druids were scattered about the land.
attacked
Rival religions despised the success of the Dragon's Breath Druids.
despised
The druids of the Citadel were very popular among the people.
scattered
Most left the area, but some formed this sect, the Etolian Druids.
etolian
We are but a small group of druids.
small
The center of the druidian community is Tanagra.
tanagra
An island off the northeastern coast of this continent.
island
A small island where the druidian community prospers without interference with other races or religions.
interference
The various religious sects are constantly ridiculing us.
ridiculing
That which is not understood is mocked.
citadel
The Dragon's Citadel was the meetingplace of the Dragon's Breath Druids.
meetingplace
Yes, the Druids met there, holding ceremonies for the earthmother.
earthmother
The earthmother is the creater and keeper of all that lives.
keeper
We are all the servants of the earthmother.
servants
The druids all serve the earthmother.
jacinith
You seek the orange jacinith key, eh.  If you are worthy, I will tell you a secret.
worthy
I cannot allow just anyone to know the secret of the Dragon's Citadel.
secret
The orange jacinith key is in the Shrine of Truth, but the Shrine of Truth is also locked.
anyone
Not everyone knows the name of the earthmother.  Tell me the name of the earthmother and I will help you further.
locked
Yes.  Not just anyone can walk into the shrine and take our key.
innanlia
Ah, you know the earthmother's name.  I am impressed.
impressed
No non-druid person knows her name.  I will tell you how to enter the Shrine of Truth.
how
You will find the ruby key in the Oceancrest Ministry of Truth.  Be warned that you can only use this key once.  Use the orange jacinith key to open the west gate of the Dragon's Citadel.  Go now, with the blessings of the earthmother.
grand
You seek the Grand Druid?  This is privilaged information.
privilaged
Only the Great Druids know where to find the Grand Druid.
where
If you tell me who sent you here, perhaps I will disclose this information.
disclose
Knowledge of a person's name is very powerful indeed.
marbella
Hmm...she still lives?  Tell me, where did you find her?
ituk
In the glacier, eh.  Well, I am glad to see that she still exists.  If it is for her, I shall tell you the name of the Grand Druid.  But first I must make sure that you are not just guessing.  If you have truly been to the glacier, tell me the name of the creatures who inhabit the lake.
sahuagin
And who is their leader?
kasmier
Very well, I believe you.  The name of the Grand Druid is Robyn.
thanks
Good luck to you.
bye
May the earthmother watch over you.
