knowledge
good.  You have come to the right place.  What subject do you seek?
wealth
bah.  Wealth and power, that's all any of you seek.  Begone before you raise my ire.
ire ATTACK
I said begone, for I do not like you.
subject
I do not know everything, but I often know where to find out.  What topic would you like to learn about?
topic
yes, tell me what you wish to learn about.  The Towers?  The city?  Politics?  History?  Or perhaps magic?
city
Kista is a fabulous city.  It was built by the Triad of Wisdom, as a repository for all knowledge.  The representatives of the three races meet in the Towers.
towers
yes, the meeting place for the Triad.  You must cross the drawbridge to get there.
drawbridge
speak to the oracle in the Grand Cathedral.  She knows how to cross the drawbridge.
oracle
She resides in the Great Cathedral, and she knows many things.
triad
the Triad of Wisdom represents the three major races in the Land of Mordor.
politics
it's a dirty business.  speak to one of the mayors, because I know little of it.
history
in the beginning there were two visionaries... Garth and Caledon.  Much has happened since then.  It's a very long story.  speak to Styx or Trinadas. 
magic
you need to talk to Elise, the mage in the Towers of Kista.
elise
a very young mage, but quite powerful.  She takes the form of the adamantine dragon, you know.
dragon
Lord Aaileman in the Towers can direct you.  Go and speak to him.
lord
he resides in the Towers.
aaileman
he lives in the Towers.  He knows of the dragon and can direct you.
garth
he is the first coder, and made it all possible.  He worked with Caledon. 
caledon
Caledon wrote the world, using Garth's code. 
styx
Styx continues the work of Caledon, while Trinadas follows Garth.
trinadas
Trinadas provides us with the living code today, building on Garth's work.
humans
they send a representative to the Towers, to help solve the problems of the land.
land
this Land of Mordor.  What else?
dwarves
the dwarves are the third part of the Triad of Wisdom, and also have a representative at the Towers.
quest
there are many quests in this land, my young friend.
friend
you are my friend, are you not?
seek
do you seek knowledge, wealth or power?
power CAST teleport
how crass.  Be gone from my sight.
learning
all knowledge is here in Kista.  If you seek more answers, speak to the oracle
