ISENGARD POLICY STATEMENT - Last modification: 7APR99

PROHIBITED ACTIONS:

	The following actions are prohibited, and anyone caught breaking 
these rules will be subject to punishments such as prison time, being made 
an outcast, character deletion or site lockout. 

1.  Do not crash the game.
	This is punishable by every possible punishment under the law.
	Crashers ruin the game for everyone, so if you are on during a 
crash and suspect that another character may have been the cause, please 
mudmail a DM.

2.  Do not sell quest or training items. 
	The quests and training are a vital part of the game, and players
are encouraged to share information, go on quests together, and share
quest items.  However, you should never sell or purchase _any_ quest or 
training item. 

3.  Do not drag aggressive monsters.
	Intentionally bringing aggressive monsters into areas that they 
do not belong is prohibited.  

4.  Do not flood or 'spam' other players.
	The best way to handle this is to ignore the player, and allow a 
caretaker to deal out the punishment.  This includes, but is not limited 
to, repeated flashes and emotes.

5.  Do not multi-log.
	This is to insure that everyone has equal access to the game. 
This does not mean that you can't have multiple characters, just that you
should concentrate on playing _one_ at a time.  ***Do not log in more than
one of your characters at a time.***  This is regardless of the number of
accounts or computers you have at your disposal.   
	Strange things have been known to happen to characters that abuse
this policy.  NOTE: For policy purposes a log into the queue is considered
a log into the game, and queue loading will be dealt with severely. 

6.  Do not use robots on the game
	One of the most enjoyable aspects of Isengard is the interaction 
between players.  Robots upset the balance of the game, and require the 
scenario to be made more difficult to accomodate them. 

7.  Do not skip level quests or power level for your class
	Many classes are required to accomplish some task in addition to 
gaining enough experience and gold to level.  Power leveling is 
considered illegal and may result in you being trapped in a training 
room, or killed.

8. Do not share characters.
	We are tired of getting mail from people complaining that their
character was stolen/killed by someone they were 'sharing' their character
with.  If you are caught sharing a character, the character will be
deleted and you could be jailed. 

PLAYER ETIQUETTE:

        The following actions are not prohibited, but are discouraged
because they lessen the enjoyment of the game for other players.  Consistent
abuse of good etiquette may also earn punishment.

1.  Do not get all
	You should not get more than you deserve, especially since other 
players have usually worke hard to get whatever it is you are grabbing. 

2.  Do not summon players unknowingly to aggressive monsters.
	The best lesson here is to 'set nosummon', and if you are going 
to be summoned, be sure that it is by someone you can trust.

3.  Please do not use excessively foul language
	It is good to remember that the other players on the game are 
actually real people, and that the use of excessive racist, sexist, or 
foul language may offend some people.  If you are unable to control 
yourself, refrain from using such remarks when you broadcast.  This also 
includes the use of character names.  In general, we dont mind what is 
broadcast as long as it is between the hours of midnight to 6am PST.

NOTE ON THE ECONOMY:

	The economy and commerce of Isengard is a product of players 
interaction.  As DMs we have no interest in attempting to control the 
"invisible hand" of market forces, or imposing rules upon commerce.  
With this noted, we offer the following advice:  Buyers Beware!

SPECIAL EVENTS:

	Occasionally DMs and CTS run special events, such as goblin 
invasions, raving monsters, quests, or holiday events.  Many of these 
events can prove harmful and dangerous to low level characters.  
ENGAGE IN THESE EVENTS AT YOUR OWN RISK!  If you have any doubts, run
and hide or log off for a while. 

DM AND CARETAKER POLICIES:

	Due to the age of Isengard (it has been running since mid-1993), 
many of the DMs have moved on to other projects, or have had to retire 
for one reason or another.  As you may imagine, running a MUD does take 
quite a bit of time and effort to do well.  At this time Isengard is 
running with a minimal crew of DMs and Caretakers.  Please do not expect 
a great deal of interaction or help from us since we are rarely on, and 
when we are it is to take care of matters critical for the functioning of 
Isengard.  If you have a problem, please try to solve it within the game 
community.  If your problem is something that necessitates the attention 
of a DM, please mail us, and wait patiently.
	The alternative to a no-DM version of Isengard is to shut down 
for good.  We realize that it would be better if DMs were regularly 
available, and ask that you understand that we can no longer devote 
large amounts of time to interacting with players. 
	In addition, please note that a DM is the ultimate authority on 
matters of policy.  A DM may make a policy statement on a matter not 
expressly stated in this policy.  If you feel that a policy decision
made by a DM is unresonable, then you may appeal to the other DMs
for a ruling.

PUNISHMENT:

	Punishment can include jail time, outcasting, site blocking, or dusting.  
Any of the above crimes can be punished with any of these punishments or 
a combination of these punishments.  

	Players who have caused excessive problems will be made 
outcasts.  Outcasts should be shunned and killed whenever possible.  
Outcasts may  be killed by any other player and will find no haven 
until they are killed.  Any law abiding player who recovers a token 
of death of an outcast may turn it in to a DM for a bounty. Outcasts
are denoted with a (O).
-----------------------------------------------------------------------------

This file is subject to change without notice and players are encouraged
to check it frequently.  Ignorance is no excuse. 

