Rules for Business Ownership

Section I: Buying a Business

1.  Any player at level seven or highr may purchase a store or a pub.
The cost starts at 150,000 gold pieces.  This includes the site, a 
storage room and a sign post to advertise your products.


2.  You may choose any store or pub already in the scenario, where 
the store's description is already in the street's descriptions.
You may put a business in another place, but it will not have
advertising from the street from which you enter. 

3.  Sites which are already being used or reserved for future use
may not be purchased.  There are many buildings that are reserved for
future development and will remain as public property.

4.  When you have choosen your location, send mail to a Dungeon Master
giving all details concerning the property and its use, and your
name and the other proprietors, if there are any.  Joint ownership is
allowed, but you have to work out the details.

5.  After you and the Dungeon Master have reached an agreement you must
send him email with the EXACT wording for your sign.  It may be edited for
spelling and syntax, and because it must be consistent with the rest of Mordor.

6.  If more than one person is to be an owner, please work out the financial
arrangements amongst yourselves.  The Dungeon Master will deduct the entire
cost of the business from the person making the requests.

7.  The game does not allow you to station a clerk in the business to take
care of matters for you.  Any items you sell must be sold by you and not
a <monster> stationed there.  In general, only the DM will decide if monster
are to be located at the place of business, although you may make suggestions.
NOTE:  Repair facilities may not be purchased and you cannot repair any items.


Section II: Maintanence

1.  No doubt you will require changes to your business.  The following are
permitted, but will have a fee attached:

    a.  Change of Advertising - 20,000 gold pieces
    You are allowed one store sign.  Changing the sign will cost $20,000
    b.  New Keys - 2000 gold pieces
    The storage room requires a key which can only be used 500 times,
    after which it will need repair.  If it breaks, you must purchase
    a new key.  If there are multiple owners, each key will cost $2000. 
    c.  Other changes not specifically mentioned here may be allowed	
    at the discretion of the Dungeon Master, but will require a fee 
    to be determined at the time of transaction. 
  
2.  If other arrangements are required, please contact a Dungeon Master
and describe your problems and/or proposals.

3.  Please note that storage of items is only possible if you have a storage
chest, which costs an additional amount.  Each chest holds 50 items and costs
$40,000.  You may buy multiple chests, but eight is the maximum.

4.  If you wish to cease business as said store, you should first opt to
sell the store to someone else.  They can then talk to a Dungeon Master and
pay the Change of Ownership charge to have the description changed.

Section III: Rules of Conduct

Failure to abide by the following rules is subject to termination of this
agreement, with the possible foreclosure of all property  and
the possibility of fines and/or loss of experience points of the
proprietor(s).  Note that even if only one member of a group is guilty
of listed crimes, all parties may lose their rights to the property .

1.  Sale of quest items is strictly prohibited.  You may not sell any
quest items.  This includes keys, scrolls and other items which you gain
experience for when you pick them up.  Punishment for the sale of quest
items will result in loss of store property, proprietorship and loss of
up to 250,000 experience points (depending on which items are sold) of
all proprietors.  If you have less than 250,000 experience points, your
character WILL be deleted.  NO EXCEPTIONS!

    Subnote:  Any character NOT owning a store selling a quest item will
    be deleted.  NO EXCEPTIONS!

2.  Other rules and regulations may be added at any time.  You should
read this document regularly.  You are responsible for everything listed
in this document!

Good luck in your business.
-- Styx
