Interactive talk

    Interactive talk allows a monster and a player to interactively
talk.  When a player asks a monster about a "key" question, the monster 
will respond with a specified response.  In addition, a monster can perform
various actions (attack, social command, or cast a spell) whenever asked 
about a key word.  The interactive talk file is located in:
/usr/games/mordor/objmon/talk. 
Generally the name of the file is the name of the monster-level.
The format to use the interactive talk file is:
<key word line> [action phrase]
<response line>

    The maximum size of the key word line is 80 characters while the response
line can be up to 1024 characters (including carriage return and null 
character).  Note: a hard return will denote the end of a line, so 
return should only be entered at the end of "key word line" and
the  "response line".  

    The <key word> is defined by a single word (no spaces).  The 
parameters for the action phrase are based on the type of the
command.  A monster can perform the following actions:

<key word> ATTACK
    The monster will attack the player who asks the monster about the 
given key word.  The word ATTACK must appear in all capitals.

<key word> ACTION type PLAYER
    The monster will perform the social action defined by type when the
key word is spoken.  The type parameter can be any of the normal social
commands.  If the social command is followed by the word PLAYER, the 
social action will be performed on the player who spoke the key word.  
Otherwise the social command will be interpreted as general (wave vs 
wave happy).  Note the words ACTION and PLAYER must appear in all capitals.

<key word> CAST <spell>
    The monster will cast the given spell on the player who
spoke the key word.  The monster must have sufficient mp, and belong
to the correct class (and know the spell) in order to cast it. 
A monster casting heal must be a cleric/paladin and have 25 mp
to successfully cast the spell.

<key word> GIVE <item #>
    The monster will give a specified object to the player who asked the 
key word.  Object may be a quest item, in which case the player will only
be able to receive one of the item.  Also, if a player is weighted down,
and unable to hold the object, the monster will not give the object. 
Be careful with the value of the objects being given away since it might 
provide a loop hole for making money.

examples:

die ATTACK
response.
    If a player asks a monster about "die", the monster will give
the response and then attack the player.

bye ACTION wave
response
    If a player asks a monster about "bye" the monster will give
the response and wave to everyone in the room.

bye ACTION wave PLAYER
    If a player asks a monster about "bye" the monster will give
the response and wave to the player who asked about "bye".

bless CAST bless
    If a player asks the monster about "bless", the monster will
cast a bless spell on the player, provided the monster knows the
spell and has sufficient mp to do so.

ll
